# kardia
extracting time series from ECG images to convert billions of ECG images collected globally over decades into data for training better diagnostic models to improve clinical outcomes.


# **KAGGLE COMPETITION**
##PhysioNet - Digitization of ECG Images

https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/physionet-ecg-image-digitization

---

**IMPORTANT DATES**

  *  October 21, 2025 - Start Date.

  * January 15, 2026 - Entry Deadline. You must accept the competition rules before this date in order to compete.

  *  January 15, 2026 - Team Merger Deadline. This is the last day participants may join or merge teams.

  *  January 22, 2026 - Final Submission Deadline.



## **Overview Of the Competition**
---

* build models to extract time series data from Electrocardiogram (ECG) images. 
* ECGs are used to diagnose and guide treatment for heart disease.
* physical printouts, scanned images, photographs, or time series. 
* Medical-grade ECG software currently works best on time series.

## **Goal of the Competition**
---

* extracting time series from ECG images to convert billions of ECG images collected globally over decades into data for training better diagnostic models to improve clinical outcomes.

# **FILES and DATA**
---
 
## **train.csv : Metadata for the training set.**

  *  [id]
  *  [fs]: The sampling frequency of the corresponding ECG signal.
  * [sig_len]: The full sequence length of the ECG measurements. For the competition data this is always 10 seconds * fs. Note that clinical ECGs can have different durations. Kindly consider making your code robust to other durations though this is not a requirement of participation.

 > * train/[id]/[id].csv: A CSV file containing the raw time-series data for the 12 ECG leads. The columns are I, II, III, aVR, aVL, aVF, V1, V2, V3, V4, V5, V6.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-[segment].png: PNG images representing the ECG signal.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0001.png Original color ECG image generated by ECG-image-kit.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0003.png Image printed in color and scanned in color.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0004.png Image printed in color and scanned in black and white.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0005.png Mobile photos of color printed images.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0006.png Mobile photos of ECGs on the screen of laptop.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0009.png Mobile photos of stained and soaked printed ECGs.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0010.png Mobile photos of printed ECGs with extensive damage.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0011.png Scans of printed ECG images with mold in color.
>
 > * train/[id]/[id]-0012.png Scans of printed ECG images with mold in black and white.
  ---

## **test.csv: Metadata for the test set.**


  *  id

  *  lead: One of the 12 standard ECG leads: I, II, III, aVR, aVL, aVF, V1, V2, V3, V4, V5,V6.

  * fs: The sampling frequency of the corresponding ECG signal.

  * number_of_rows: Number of data points to predict for each lead.

  * test/[id].png: One image for each id in test.csv. There are around 1000 images in the test data.
  ----




# **CITATIONS**
---

### * **KAGGLE PhysioNet - Digitization of ECG Images**
>  @misc{physionet-ecg-image-digitization,
    author = {Matthew A. Reyna and Deepanshi and James Weigle and Zuzana Koscova and Kiersten Campbell and Salman Seyedi and Andoni Elola and Ali Bahrami Rad and Amit J Shah and Neal K. Bhatia and Yao Yan and Sohier Dane and Addison Howard and Gari D. Clifford and Reza Sameni},
    title = {PhysioNet - Digitization of ECG Images},
    year = {2025},
    howpublished = {\url{https://kaggle.com/competitions/physionet-ecg-image-digitization}},
    note = {Kaggle}
}

